Question :-What is Singleton pattern in java ? Types of singleton ? and How can we achieve that ?
Answer:-
A Singleton Pattern is a application design pattern this pattern use to instantiate class to one object.
This pattern very useful when e face this type scenario.
    Example:
       i) Make API call Config
       ii) Get Credential after login.
We can achieved this pattern 4 ways :
        1)Lazy loading.
        2)Eager loading.
        3)Singleton Double Check Locking.
        4) Synchronized.
                        -------------------------------------------------------

   1)Lazy Loading: the creation of an object whenever needed for this scenario make sure to block default constructor
           Example : See the SingletonLazy Class.
           Problem: For this lazy singleton static variable is null.when two or more threads interested to call the singleton
           object.
                we know static property compile time store in .class file on MainMemory of the class area.
                when we call this static property from another thread it find null for this purpose it will throws
                an error leading to memory leak.

                for fix this problem we can make this method [synchronized] synchronized ensure us we to achieved
                thread safety.this synchronized push a instruction to JVM it doesn't accessible until unblock means it already block
                by another class area/Thread and this process called singleton Synchronized pattern.



   2)Eager Loading: creation at load time.
            we know static property compile time store in .class file on MainMemory of the class area.
            when we call this class instance it always provide us a same object cause this method return a object from
            class area.
           Example : See the SingletonEger Class.


   3)Singleton Double Check Locking : [Singleton Double Check Locking] ensure us to achieved  best singleton way to get
    only one object/instance of the singleton class for the whole application.
    description:-
    for example if we see the [eger loading,lazy loading] when we call those instance from another thread probably it will provide us
    a memory leak exception,
                    cause those static method compile time load the object on mainMemory of the class area.

    Example: See the SingletonDoubleCheckLocking class.


    4)Synchronized: we know static property compile time store in .class file on MainMemory of the class area.
        when we call this static property from another thread it will throws
        an error leading to memory leak.
        for fix this problem we can make this method [synchronized] synchronized ensure us we to achieved
        thread safety.this synchronized push a instruction to JVM it doesn't accessible until unblock means it already block
        by another class area/Thread and this process called singleton Synchronized pattern.

        mainly Synchronization stop a block of code of the singleton class to be executed by more than one thread at the same time.

        Example: See the Synchronized class.


